d
of yours and camacho I would like to enter
around this
for this they have to know the scale
of two which already on a good video
start today we're going to try a new topic
which is called the double of strings or of
This barb consists of three strokes
of the prong in on two strings when it comes
the double I'll explain more
with the pick
I'm going to play the last two strings or
the first these two
and I'm going to make a move with the
doll
which is this way he touched this rope and
then the one below also and the same as
I touched up
something like that
as they dominate slowly they go
raising the speed
so that also the doublet since what
dominate well let's start playing the
song we started with the double in the
scale of two on the first note that is
here
we continue it
Y
and the
let's that the last
or not
and
d
and finish the song and then decorated it
studies we arrived here
we play here and from here
we descend on the scale of 2 which already
they must know clearly and then they
I recommend that you make the movement of
this way
again
only the three notes
then
Y
and we do the same thing here so very
okay listen to it slowly
and there the ornament ends
accompaniment will be areola
song so that practice together
with me since they have learned the
requinto
is 4 have the throat
so much
as for you
I felt it very well to be seen
how are the times so it looks good
the ornament and everything I hope you like them good
Compas that has been the whole tutorial
I hope you like it let's leave the comments
Any questions you have I will leave a
file in the video description
where the lyrics will come with all the
chords the tones that the song carries
to accompany her well and I hope they
like follow the social networks like
subscribe yes and do not forget I saved them
to your friend with you